Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.

My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.

DAD: I was just listening to the radio on my way in to town, apparently an actress just killed herself.

MOM: Oh my! Who!?

DAD: Uh, I can't remember... I think her name was Reese something?

MOM: WITHERSPOON!!!!!???????

DAD: No, it was with a knife...

How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.

I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!

Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.

If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?

The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald, duck!"

I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!

What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.

I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know

What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language

My daughter screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...

A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.

My wife tried to unlatch our daughter's car seat with one hand and said, "How do one armed mothers do it?" Without missing a beat I replied, "Single handedly."

When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there!

My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.

Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm it would be justwater.

The fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.

MOM: "How do I look?" DAD: "With your eyes."

Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.

What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!”

Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!

3 unwritten rules of life...
1. 
2. 
3.

If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?

Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.

Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!

I told my son I was named after Thomas Jefferson… He said, “But dad, your name is Brian.” I said, “I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson.”

KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you’re a sandwich!”

Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.

SERVER: "Sorry about your wait." DAD: "Are you saying I’m fat?”

What has two butts and kills people? An assassin

What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY

CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”

What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.

When an ambulance zips past with its siren blaring: "They won’t sell much ice cream driving that fast.”

Eye scream, you scream, we all scream....cause we're bleeding out.

If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he will be rolling in his grave.

What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracadabrador.

5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.

Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? It was two tired.

What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea!

GRANDPA: I have a 'dad bod', DAD: To me it's more like a father figure.

What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.

When a dad drives past a cow pasture: LOOK! That cow is OUT-STANDING in his field!

What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1

I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.

When you ask a dad if he's alright: "No, I’m half left.”

KID: "Hey, I was thinking…" DAD: "I thought I smelled something burning.”

A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"

Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.

How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.

SON: *hands my Dad his 50th birthday card*, DAD: You know, one would have been enough.

When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding.

A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here."

Can February March? No, but April May!

What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.

Why did the crab never share? Because he's shellfish.

Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.

What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. If the cow has no legs, then it’s ground beef.

I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!

What is Beethoven’s favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na.

When you ask a dad if they got a haircut: "No, I got them all cut!"

Where did the college-aged vampire like to shop? Forever 21.

GROCERY STORE CHECKER: "Paper or plastic?" DAD: "Either, I’m bisacktual.”

What did the horse say after it tripped? "Help! I’ve fallen and I can’t giddyup!”

You know what the loudest pet you can get is? A trumpet.

Why wasn't the woman happy with the velcro she bought? It was a total ripoff.

What noise does a 747 make when it bounces? Boeing, Boeing, Boeing.

I hear it's easy to get ladies not to eat Tide pods. It's more difficult to deter gents, though.

What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory.

A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”

Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!

You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there? European.

I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.

WAITRESS: "Soup or salad?" DAD: "I don’t want a SUPER salad, I want a regular salad.”

What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.

What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño your face.

As a lumberjack, I know that I’ve cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know because every time I cut one, I keep a log.

Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... it's tearable.

Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!

What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino.

I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me.

If you rearrange the letters of “Postmen”. They get really pissed off.

A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I’m looking for the man who shot my paw."

I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!

You heard of that new band 1023MB? They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.

Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.

Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.

What do you call a lonely cheese? Provolone.

DAD, TO A SINGER: "Don’t forget a bucket." SINGER: "Why?" DAD: "To carry your tune."

I told my 14 year old son I thought 'Fortnite' was a stupid name for a computer game. I think it is just too weak.

How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!


How do you tell the difference between a frog and a horny toad? A frog says, "Ribbit, ribbit" and a horny toad says, "Rub it, rub it.”


What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.


Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.


Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!


NURSE: "Blood type?" DAD: "Red."


What do you call a fish with two knees? A “two-knee” fish.

What do you call a mac ‘n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!

What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!

Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!

What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!

Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!

Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!

What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!

Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe!

What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.

What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire!

How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!

Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!

Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!

Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!

How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!

Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!

Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with!

What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory!

Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it!

Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it!

I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!

To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!

I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole destroying!

My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home!

I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!

Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!

I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that’s just nuts!

This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there!

My friend says to me, “What rhymes with orange?”And I told him, “No it doesn’t!”

My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!

I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised!

I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I’m a faux pa!

So a vowel saves another vowel’s life. The other vowel says, “Aye E! I owe you!”

Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!

My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!

If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?!

I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy!

Five out of four people admit they’re bad with fractions!

Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”

I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad!

Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way!

When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, “No, I’d rather drink it out of the carton!”

The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!

What’s ET short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs!

I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks!

What’s brown and sticky? A stick!

Can February March? No, but April May!

What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!

I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!

What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey!

After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!

How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put some boogie in it!

Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!

What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!

This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode!

A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, “First offender?” She says, “No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”

I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!

What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto!

What do Santa’s elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!

What rhymes with boo and stinks? You!

Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.

What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.

How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.

Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.

I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.

Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.

How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.

Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.

What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.

Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.

Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.

Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.

Ill call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.

What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant

Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.

What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.

Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.

What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.

I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.

The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.

Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.

This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.

Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"

5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.

Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"

What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.

What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.

I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.

To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.

The rotation of earth really makes my day.

I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts

What's brown and sticky? A stick.

I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!

Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.

Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.

A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.

I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.

Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.

I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.

People don’t like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the 
bar.

"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"

"My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my 
stuff and right!"

"How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut."

"Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up."

"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."

"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."

"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"

"Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired."

"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me."

"Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."

"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in."

"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."

"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y."

"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles."

"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."

"I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless."

"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!"

"I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!"

"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize."

"I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it."

"I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me."

"I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!"

"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since."

"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine."

"What's brown and sticky? A stick."

"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."

"What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant."

"What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk."
Best Dad Joke Puns

"It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa."

"Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents."

"Can February March? No, but April May!"

"How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!"

"Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable."

"What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream."

"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants."

"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy."

"Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!"

"When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent."

"I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off."

"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar."